C O N S T I T U T I O N O F T H E U N I T E D S T A T E S
Amendment VI.
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the
right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of
the State and district wherein the crime shall have been
committed, which district shall have been previously
ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and
cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses
against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining wit-
nesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of Counsel
for his defence.
Amendment VII.
In suits at common law, where the value in controversy
shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be
preserved, and no fact tried by a jury shall be otherwise re-
examined in any Court of the United States, than according
to the rules of the common law.
Amendment VIII.
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines
imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.
Amendment IX.
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights,
shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained
by the people.
Amendment X.
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Con-
stitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to
the States respectively, or to the people.

AMENDMENTS 11-27

Amendment XI.
Passed by Congress March 4, 1794. Ratified February 7, 1795.
(Note: A portion of Article III, Section 2 of the Constitution was
modified by the 11 th Amendment.)
The Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed
to extend to any suit in law or equity, commenced or pros-
ecuted against one of the United States by Citizens of another
State, or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State.
Amendment XII.
Passed by Congress December 9, 1803. Ratified June 15, 1804.
(Note: A portion of Article II, Section 1 of the Constitution was
changed by the 12th Amendment.)
The Electors shall meet in their respective states, and vote
by ballot for President and Vice-President, one of whom,
at least, shall not be an inhabitant of the same state with
themselves; they shall name in their ballots the person voted
for as President, and in distinct ballots the person voted
for as Vice-President, and they shall make distinct lists of
all persons voted for as President, and of all persons voted
for as Vice-President, and of the number of votes for each,
which lists they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed
to the seat of the government of the United States, directed
to the President of the Senate;-the President of the Senate
shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives, open all the certificates and the votes shall then be
counted;-The person having the greatest number of votes
for President, shall be the President, if such number be a
majority of the whole number of Electors appointed; and if
no person have such majority, then from the persons having
the highest numbers not exceeding three on the list of those
voted for as President, the House of Representatives shall
choose immediately, by ballot, the President. But in choos-
ing the President, the votes shall be taken by states, the
representation from each state having one vote; a quorum
for this purpose shall consist of a member or members from
two-thirds of the states, and a majority of all the states shall
be necessary to a choice. [And if the House of Representa-
tives shall not choose a President whenever the right of
choice shall devolve upon them, before the fourth day of
March next following, then the Vice-President shall act as
President, as in case of the death or other constitutional
disability of the President.-]* The person having the greatest
number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the Vice-Presi-
dent, if such number be a majority of the whole number
of Electors appointed, and if no person have a majority,
then from the two highest numbers on the list, the Senate
shall choose the Vice-President; a quorum for the purpose
shall consist of two-thirds of the whole number of Senators,
and a majority of the whole number shall be necessary to
a choice. But no person constitutionally ineligible to the
office of President shall be eligible to that of Vice-President
of the United States.
*Superseded by Section 3 of the 20th Amendment.
