C O N S T I T U T I O N O F T H E U N I T E D S T A T E S
DELAWARE
Geo: Read
Gunning Bedford jun
John Dickinson
Richard Bassett
Jaco: Broom
MARYLAND
James McHenry
Dan of St. Thos. Jenifer
Danl Carroll
VIRGINIA
John Blair-
James Madison Jr.
NORTH CAROLINA
Wm. Blount
Richd. Dobbs Spaight
Hu Williamson
SOUTH CAROLINA
J. Rutledge
Charles Cotesworth Pinckney
Charles Pinckney
Pierce Butler
GEORGIA
William Few
Abr Baldwin

Attest William Jackson Secretary
In Convention Monday
September 17th, 1787.
Present
The States of
New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Mr. Ham-
ilton from New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware,
Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina and
Georgia.
Resolved,
That the preceeding Constitution be laid before the United
States in Congress assembled, and that it is the Opinion
of this Convention, that it should afterwards be submitted
to a Convention of Delegates, chosen in each State by the
People thereof, under the Recommendation of its Legisla-
ture, for their Assent and Ratification; and that each Con-
vention assenting to, and ratifying the Same, should give
Notice thereof to the United States in Congress assembled.
Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Convention, that
as soon as the Conventions of nine States shall have ratified
this Constitution, the United States in Congress assembled
should fix a Day on which Electors should be appointed by
the States which shall have ratified the same, and a Day on
which the Electors should assemble to vote for the Presi-
dent, and the Time and Place for commencing Proceedings
under this Constitution
That after such Publication the Electors should be ap-
pointed, and the Senators and Representatives elected: That
the Electors should meet on the Day fixed for the Election
of the President, and should transmit their Votes certified,
signed, sealed and directed, as the Constitution requires, to
the Secretary of the United States in Congress assembled,
that the Senators and Representatives should convene at the
Time and Place assigned; that the Senators should appoint
a President of the Senate, for the sole Purpose of receiving,
opening and counting the Votes for President; and, that
after he shall be chosen, the Congress, together with the
President, should, without Delay, proceed to execute this
Constitution
By the unanimous Order of the Convention
Go. Washington-Presidt:
W. JACKSON Secretary.

* Language in brackets has been changed by amendment.
