C O N S T I T U T I O N O F T H E U N I T E D S T A T E S
Amendment XX.
Passed by Congress March 2, 1932. Ratified January 23, 1933.
(Note: Article I, Section 4 of the Constitution was modified
by Section 2 of this Amendment. In addition, a portion of the
12th Amendment was superseded by Section 3.)
SECTION 1
The terms of the President and the Vice President shall end
at noon on the 20th day of January, and the terms of Sena-
tors and Representatives at noon on the 3d day of January,
of the years in which such terms would have ended if this
article had not been ratified; and the terms of their succes-
sors shall then begin.
SECTION 2
The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and
such meeting shall begin at noon on the 3d day of January,
unless they shall by law appoint a different day.
SECTION 3
If, at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of the
President, the President elect shall have died, the Vice Presi-
dent elect shall become President. If a President shall not
have been chosen before the time fixed for the beginning of
his term, or if the President elect shall have failed to qualify,
then the Vice President elect shall act as President until a
President shall have qualified; and the Congress may by law
provide for the case wherein neither a President elect nor a
Vice President shall have qualified, declaring who shall then
act as President, or the manner in which one who is to act
shall be selected, and such person shall act accordingly until
a President or Vice President shall have qualified.
SECTION 4
The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death
of any of the persons from whom the House of Representa-
tives may choose a President whenever the right of choice
shall have devolved upon them, and for the case of the
death of any of the persons from whom the Senate may
choose a Vice President whenever the right of choice shall
have devolved upon them.
SECTION 5
Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on the 15th day of Octo-
ber following the ratification of this article.
SECTION 6
This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been
ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the leg-
islatures of three-fourths of the several States within seven
years from the date of its submission.
Amendment XXI.
Passed by Congress February 20, 1933. Ratified December 5,
933.

SECTION 1
The eighteenth article of amendment to the Constitution
of the United States is hereby repealed.
SECTION 2
The transportation or importation into any State, Territory,
or possession of the United States for delivery or use therein
of intoxicating liquors, in violation of the laws thereof, is
hereby prohibited.
SECTION 3
This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been
ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by conven-
tions in the several States, as provided in the Constitution,
within seven years from the date of the submission hereof
to the States by the Congress.
